You're losing so much money if you're
not doing this. Most people are using
Chat GBT totally wrong and it's causing
them to miss out on a ton of revenue and
growth for their business. I've
personally used Chai GBT to explode my
business's growth in SEO, content, and
conversions with these six prompts. And
today, I'm going to share them with you
so you can plug them right into your
business, too. Let's get into it.
ChatGpt can instantly make you more
money with this one prompt. Check out
this prompt here on this screen. What it
does is chat GPT crawls the whole web,
figures out what people are doing to
optimize their conversions for product
pages, and it gives you suggestions
based on what you're doing. Then from
there, you can take those suggestions,
modify your pages, and what you should
see when you run an AB test is that more
of those visitors convert into
customers. And best of all, because
you're giving chat GPT more data, such
as telling it what your overall goal is,
it's more likely to give you that output
that you're looking for. and the output
would be more conversions and sales in
this case. My favorite thing that I've
noticed that chat GBT really analyzes
when it comes to this prompt is it tells
you the friction points. It recommends
call to action tweaks and even
adjustments to your overall layout.
Typically, when you're trying to boost
conversion on a page, a lot of it has to
do with text and Chat GPT is amazing at
giving you text variations. In addition
to this, a lot of businesses lose a ton
of money from small, simple usability
issues. If you don't fix them, people
complain. But if 1% of the people are
complaining, you may not think it's a
big issue. One thing to note when it
comes to improving conversions is you
got to focus on fixing those small
usability issues. You may not think
they're that important because maybe
only a few people talk to you about
them. But here's the thing. If a few
people are complaining about these
issues, that means many more have them.
It's just that most people aren't
contacting you and letting you know
about them. Chad GBT is great at finding
them and solving them within minutes. Do
this with Chad GBT and your website will
rank higher on Google. Check out this
prompt. When you use this prompt, you're
not only telling ChatGBT to analyze your
page for SEO issues. You're telling it
what your goal is, what industry, and
what keywords you want to end up ranking
for. This ends up helping ChatGpt give
you tailored feedback based on your
industry. So, it can help you find
things like content gaps and help you
increase your user experience and also
get more backlinks. The reason you want
to check out this prompt is it tells
ChatGpt what site they're auditing and
it tells them what industry you're in.
If you don't tell them industry, it's
hard for ChatG to give you feedback
specifically against your competitors.
Ranking in the marketing space is very
different than ranking in let's say home
services. Marketing is more competitive
because you're dealing with other people
who understand marketing. There's also
other spaces that are very lucrative
like finance, like credit cards, which
are also very competitive. And to do SEO
in the credit card space is much more
difficult than, let's say, plumbing or
home services. This is why this prompt's
important because not only are you
asking for SEO feedback, you're telling
them what industry you're in, so that
way they can tailor the feedback
specifically to your industry and tell
you what you need to do in order to beat
your competitors in that same industry.
As a business owner, you can plug this
prompt in for your own website as well,
and it can give you a SEO road map. You
can do this for individual pages or your
site. And what I would recommend doing
it is not just for your site, look at
specific pages at a time, and then do
the same thing for all the other pages
you have in multiple languages. If you
don't have your site translated into
multiple languages, you're missing out
on a ton of revenue. Even in the United
States, you may think everyone speaks
English, but a large revenue segment in
the United States is people who speak
Spanish. So in this case, you would want
to optimize your site for both English
and Spanish using Href language, Chat
GBT can help you with. Chat GBT will
tell you exactly what content ideas your
ideal customer wants to read with this
prompt. The reason I like this prompt is
you're telling Chat GBT everything
you've already written on, who your
ideal customer is, and then from there,
it'll give you new content ideas. It's
really important to identify your
customer and your ideal customer. You
can't just say someone generic like
someone looking for marketing. Sure, at
my ad agency, NP Digital, we help
companies grow their traffic. Majority
of our customers are enterprise
companies and a lot of them are publicly
traded. We're not really working with
the person who's a startup who has one
employee and wants to get more traffic.
Writing content for them is going to be
very different than writing content,
let's say, for a company with a thousand
people in marketing. And this is why
it's important when you're putting in
prompts into Chad GPT to not only tell
them what you're looking for, telling
them what your ideal customer is, so
that way they can adjust the content for
those people and the ideas for those
people. Cuz the last thing you want to
do is create content that gets traffic
but generates no conversions. If that
happens, you're usually creating content
for the wrong audience. Also, with this
prompt, anyone can move from being a
random content creator to a trusted
authority with articles and videos that
resonate and drive action. Your biggest
SEO growth doesn't need to come from new
content, though. Most people don't know
this, but your old content is actually a
gold mine waiting to be cashed in. Check
out this prompt on the screen. What I
love about it is it helps you get more
traffic to your old content. Everyone in
SEO and marketing wants to keep
producing new content. This is a big
misconception. If you look at your
Google Search Console, what you'll see
is over time, a lot of your older pieces
of content are declining in traffic.
Using this prompt will help rewrite
those pieces of content so that way they
can pop back up to the top of Google and
start generating more traffic, more
leads, more sales, and it'll help you
match the tone of your writing style. So
then that way when it helps rewrite a
piece of content, it doesn't seem off.
Instead, it just fills in the missing
details and matches your original tone.
Without regular content audits and
content refreshes, your website slowly
bleeds traffic. Even if your posts were
once at the top, it doesn't mean they're
going to continually stay there. and it
lets you reclaim that traffic faster,
cheaper, and with less editorial
overhead. Now, feeding chat GBT a single
URL and a prompt can save hours of
manual effort. And optimizing old
content often drives more revenue and
better results at a quicker pace than
starting from scratch. Chat GBT can help
you find keywords that drive actual
revenue to your business. Check out this
prompt. What I love about this prompt is
that Chad GPT categorizes the keywords
based onformational, transactional, and
navigational. This is really important
because you only want to chase the
keywords that matter. A lot
offormational keywords are getting eaten
up by AI overviews. Transactional and
navigational ones aren't as much. So,
you want to focus on keywords that are
more transactional and navigational
because they also drive more revenue as
well. They may not drive as much
visitors asformational keywords. from a
visitor to a purchaser. The conversion
rate tends to be much higher with
transactional and navigationalbased
keywords. This workflow turns Chat GBT
into a monetizing engine, guiding your
entire keyword and content strategy.
Chad GBT can automate one of the easiest
SEO wins for you. Look, when you create
new content, you want to make sure that
it's linking to other pages within your
site. Those internal links help those
other pages rank higher. and vice versa.
You want those other pages linking to
your new piece of content because it
helps the new piece of content rank
higher. Google crawls a website through
links. When you don't have internal
links within your website, it's harder
to rank. On top of that, Google has this
framework called E, experience,
expertise, authority, and trust. Citing
sources helps with e. So with this
prompt on chat GPT, it not only helps
you find internal links, but it also
helps you find sources to site. By doing
both of them, it helps you seem more as
an expert and it helps your pages rank
higher because the internal linkings
give more weight to the pages you're
linking to. Hence, they tend to rank
higher on Google. Chat GBD can save
hours of manual link research, reduce
bounce rates, and increase organic
visibility. If you like this video, I
recommend that you check out our video
on how Google is slowly dying. And when
I say Google's dying, not necessarily in
traffic, but they definitely are in
market share.